Document K8s CRDs and COs (#1759)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/official_plugins/Orchestration/kubernetes.md

        target: sanity_master

{{< /highlight >}}

## CustomResourceDefinition and Custom Objects

> The Cloudify Kubernetes Plugin supports creating and using [CustomResourceDefinition](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/)s.

Reviewer: [CustomResourceDefinitions] ?

Author: No

> The Cloudify Kubernetes Plugin supports creating and using [CustomResourceDefinition](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/)s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {{< param product_name >}} Kubernetes Plugin supports creating and using [CustomResourceDefinition](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/)s.
```

To create a **CustomResourceDefinition**, create a new Kubernetes Resource Node, like you would with any other supported resource type, by providing the path to a Kubernetes resource template in your node template:

```yaml
  resource:
    type: cloudify.kubernetes.resources.FileDefinedResource
    properties:
      client_config: { get_input: **client_config }
      file:
        resource_path: resources/crd.yaml
```

In your `crd.yaml` file, provide the definition for your **CustomDefinedResource**.

You can also use **CustomDefinedResource**s with the Kubernetes plugin. Usages of **CustomDefinedResource**s are referred to as [Custom Objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#create-custom-objects).
When using **Custom Objects**, you must add specific `annotations` to the `metadata` section of the resource.
Specify the following keys in your `metadata:annotations` section: `['cloudify-crd-group', 'cloudify-crd-plural', 'cloudify-crd-version']`.

> Cloudify needs these keys in order to identify the resource as a usage of a **CustomDefinedResource**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< param product_name >}} needs these keys in order to identify the resource as a usage of a **CustomDefinedResource**.
```
